hi it's Chuck that dig and today we're
going to build tiny terrariums because
often we have something around the house
and that could be a jar this is just a
simple mason jar it could be a vase that
you have that you found a lid for which
is what I've done here just found a
great jar where this lid can go on it or
it can be a tiny terrarium that are
available all sorts of things that can
be available at a store so the idea is
again with anything tiny you got to keep
it tiny so you don't crowd it out you
don't want to you'll fill up your whole
jar with something growing so what we're
going to do is I'm going to just this
one's easier for me to show you so we're
going to build this terrarium in this
jar we're just going to add the rocks to
the bottom and I'd say just about well
maybe a little more we're then going to
add our little secret here at dig which
is the bland scape fabric and we're
going to just what this is doing we're
cutting it so it doesn't show making a
circle that goes on top of the gravel
what this is doing again is keeping the
gravel clean and again you don't want it
to show from the side so it's just like
that because when you put the mud on it
or the dirt like so pressing that in you
don't see your fabric yet it has kept
this the stone clean from the fabric the
problem with building a small one
not that it's a problem is just finding
plants that are that small because you
can get four inch pots and everything
but it's hard to then take away
something a plant that was in a planter
this size
so these biddies come in just just
terrific Lee we're going to build a nest
in here and I mean a nest by pushing the
soil up around from the middle putting
that tree in there
again making sure that it's covered
again we don't want the air to get at
its roots especially with a fern now
that your your multi or fern is set into
the soil you want to add that pinch of
granulated activated charcoal again
that's just to keep the soil fresh in
case it gets a little funky which you
can do with water and soil and
everything in a closed environment and
just a little bit of pinch there's no
right or wrong here so what we've done
is we've put our mini in there we are
going to use our wall-to-wall carpeting
our sod in a way we're going to just
tuck that in again we don't want any air
pockets so again we're looking at your
terrarium from all angles because we
were going to have it on a bookshelf you
want it to look good from the side we
want it to be good and handsome from
everything not just on a side of front
field so this was simple all she did was
just you know three two different layers
you've created an echo system once you
put the top on it and you've got your
terrarium already built thanks
you